User Story 1: As a User, I want to be able to create an account so that I can safely secure my information.
  User -> Create account
  Define Signup/login Page form style
  Develop HTML/Javascript page
  Keeping track of user's session.
  
Criteria for user story 1

  Matching username & password -> successful log in
  Incorrect match -> error message
  "Forgot your password" Button
  Sign in in middle of shopping -> bring back to where it was.



User Story 2: As a Seller, I want to be able to advertise my products so that my products get more exposure.

User Story 3: As a User, I would like to search through the list of products with ease.

User Story 4: As a user, I want my credit card credentials to be safe so that I can have a secure transaction.

User Story 5: As a user, I would to initate the "return process" if i'm unhappy with my purchase.

User Story 6: As a developer, I want a dashboard which recommends items to the user so that they don't have to browse the website manually.

User Story 7: As a developer, I want to add a page  which says "contact Us" so that a customer can email the customer service team about an issue with a product they had.

User Story 8: As a Developper, I want to create a public landing page which shows up when a new user visits the website for the first time. 

User Story 9: Add Google login using google API so that users dont have to create a new account and can directly sign in.

User Story 10: As a developper, I want to design a databases to store user information and products for sale on the marketplace.

User Story 11: As a user, I would like to add items to a "shopping cart" so that I can checkout all my items at once.

User story 12: As a user, I would like to change my shipping adress and billing address in case I move away.

User story 13: As a user, I want to be able to create an account via sign up page so that I can login to it later.

User story 14: As a user, I want to be able to login to an account I've already created so I can store my personal info such as name, address, credit card, etc.
